Added FAQ entry about logout (#101)
vippsas/vipps-login-api: vipps-login-api-faq.md

- [Can we have multiple URIs as landing pages?](#can-we-have-multiple-uris-as-landing-pages)
- [Can I use a custom URL scheme for the `redirect_url`?](#can-i-use-a-custom-url-scheme-for-the-redirect_url)
- [Can we change the name that appears in customer's Vipps app under `Login and Access`?](#can-we-change-the-name-that-appears-in-customers-vipps-app-under-login-and-access)

> - [How can I logout a user?](#how-can-i-logout-a-user)

Reviewer: "log out" in two words?

Author: "log out" is to take an action, so maybe?

[portal.vipps.no](https://portal.vipps.no/).
Press `rediger`/`edit` under `salgsstedsinfo`/`?` and change to the desired name.

## How can I logout a user?

The answer here is twofold; _Vipps Login_ doesn't support logout from the browser, but you are free to log the user out of your service.  

> You can't log the user out of the current browser because it would lead to a poor end user experience.  

Reviewer: "[...] because it would lead to a poor end user experience because the user would then also be logged out everywhere else"?

Reviewer: Skip "current".

Author: "The reason for not allowing logout in the browser is because this would lead to a poor user experience due to the user also being logged out everywhere else." ?
Don't really like using because twice in the same sentence.
Kinda attached to "current", because it's actually quite important technically. You wouuld log the person out in one browser, not all the browsers.

> The answer here is twofold; _Vipps Login_ doesn't support logout from the browser, but you are free to log the user out of your service.  
> The reason for not allowing logout in the browser is because this would lead to a poor user experience due to the user also being logged out everywhere else.
> 
> If the users wishes to log out of a specific browser, they need to do use in the Vipps app by going to:  
> `Profile->Personal Information->Browsers that remember you`, choose a browser and press the logout button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 _Vipps Login_ does not support merchant initiated logout in the browser as this would effectively log the user out of Vipps Login (meaning that the user will no longer be remembered in the browser across sites that use Vipps Login). You are of course free to log the user out of your service (by disabling your own session). 

If a user wants to log out of a specific browser remembered in Vipps Login, they need to do this in the Vipps app by navigating to:  
`Profile->Personal Information->Browsers that remember you`, select a browser and press the logout button.
```
